## Basics

You can transform an object into XML or JSON (see [Convert Object Model Into XML or JSON](Convert-Object-Model-Into-XML-or-JSON.md)). But you can have a fine control to modify the behaviour of the transformation by using code annotation.

## Class Annotations

Are placed in the class scope and will modify the behaviour of the entire class. 

#### @object:getter get

Defines the prefix name of the getter method. The default prefix is 'get'

```php
/**
 * @object:getter obtenir
 */
class MyClass
{ 
	protected $unePropriete
	
	public function obtenirUnePropriete()
	{
		// ...
	}
}
```


#### @object:nodename name

Defines the root node name. The default is the full name including the namespace. 

```php
/**
 * @object:nodename OtherName
 */
class MyClass
{ 
	// ...
}
```

#### @object:writeempty false

Xmlnuke by default does not write empty properties. You can change this setting true in this annotation.

#### @object:propertypattern /([^a-zA-Z0-9])/,

Defines how the name of the property will match with the getter method. 

The default property pattern removes special chars using only letters and numbers. The example bellow show how a property name matches with your proper getter.

```php
protected $_my_property;

public function getMyProperty() ...
```

The property pattern have the follow format: `search regular expression, replaced by`

#### @object:doctype xml

Defines if the class will be render as XML or RDF. Note that 'xml' is the default option and enables produces JSON as output. 

#### @object:rdftype {HOST}/rdf/class/{CLASS}

Defines the RDF type generated by this class. It is possible use two vars 
* {HOST} - The host name 
* {CLASS} - The class name

#### @object:rdfabout {HOST}/rdf/instance/{CLASS}/{GetID()}

TBD

#### @object:defaultprefix prefix

Defines a default prefix to be added do the property name. By default there is not prefix on node names. Use this with `@object:namespace`.

#### @object:ignore

If this parameter is setted all class will ignored and will not be rendered. 

#### @object:namespace prefix!uri

Defines the namespaces of the properties and objects. If the property name has a namespace prefix this option is mandatory. 

#### @object:dontcreatenode 

Do not create the class node and all properties will be rendered in the parent node. 

## Method Annotations

#### @object:ignore

Does not render the property

#### @object:nodename name

Change the property name to 'name'. 

#### @object:dontcreatenode

Do not create a node with the property name. Use this only when the property returns an object or array and you do not want render this object inside the property name. 

#### @object:isattributeof propertyname

Defines that this property is an attribute of the 'propertyname' instead a node name. 

#### @object:isclassattribute

Defines that this property is an attribute of the 'class' (root node) instead a node name inside the class.

#### @object:isblanknode nodename

*(applied only to @object:doctype rdf)*

#### @object:isresourceuri

Requires `@object:isblanknode`

*(applied only to `@object:doctype rdf`)*

